How wonderful! The prince has such talent
Now who still believes that the prince is ignorant
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Minister and other bah
What about Mr. Fang?
The prince has no eyes
Your Highness
elder
Damn
Now Mr. Fang is willing to add officials to the crown prince
Still don't want to
Your Majesty, I have little talent and learning
The prince has such a masterpiece
elder
What else is there to face to speed it up?
Can't
Why should Mr. Fang be humble?
I'm still waiting for you to stay and assist the court
The next step is to promote the imperial examinations
It just so happens to have to trample on the prestige side of the literati
The old minister is willing to laugh to death for His Highness
Get up
The sword destroys the world
Everyone is here today
I happen to have a national policy to announce
Three days later, the first imperial examination of Great Xia will be held
Regardless of origin
Any reader can participate
Those with outstanding grades can be included in the court for onlookers
Your Highness must not
This is a big deal.
We'll discuss it later.